##################################################################
#
#    INSTALLATION Instructions for the NanoB2B::NER Package
#    $Id: INSTALL.pod,v 1.01 2018/01/18 16:34:05 charityml Exp $ 
##################################################################

=head1 NanoB2B-NED

Provide a description of the package

=head1 TESTING PLATFORMS

NanoB2B-NED has been developed and tested on Linux 
primarily using Perl and the Bash shell. 

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

NanoB2B-NED REQUIRES that the following software be installed. 
More details on how to obtain and install appear below. 

--Programming Languages
Perl (version 5.8.5 or better)

--CPAN modules
MetaMap::DataStructures

=head1 PROGGRAMMING LANGUAGES

=head2 Perl (version 5.8.5 or better)

Perl is freely available at:

L<http://www.perl.org>

It is very likely that you will already have Perl installed 
if you are using a Unix/Linux based system. 

=head1 CPAN MODULES

=head2 MetaMap::DataStructures

Please see the MetaMap::DataStructures documentation.

=head1 INSTALLATION 

If you have supervisor access, or have configured MCPAN for local 
install, you can install via: 

 perl -MCPAN -e shell
 > install NanoB2B-NED 


If not, you can, "manually" install by downloading the *.tar.gz file,  
unpacking, and executing the following commands. 

                perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/home/programs LIB=/home/lib
                make
                make test
                make install

Note that the PREFIX and LIB settings are just examples to help you create 
a local install, if you do not have supervisor (su) access. 

You must include /home/lib in your PERL5LIB environment 
variable to access this module when running.

If you have the super-user access, then you can install NanoB2B-NED 
into system directories via :
		perl Makefile.PL
		make
		make install
	 	make clean

The exact location of where NanoB2B-NED will be installed 
depends on your system configuration. A message will be printed 
out after 'make install' telling your exactly where it was installed. 

=head1 CONTACT US

If you have any trouble installing and using NanoB2B-NED, please 
contact us:

 Megan Charity: charityml at vcu.edu
 Bridget T. McInnes: btmcinnes at vcu.edu

